Hello, welcome to the introduction video of Web of Things
Since you came across this video, we assume that you heard a bit about
the Web of Things and Thing Description. But let us give a brief introduction.
First, lets talk about what is the difference between IoT and the WoT.
While IoT focuses on technologies for connecting devices to the Internet, WoT leverages IoT and aims
to provide interoperability between Things using established architectural ideas for the Web and web technologies.
So lets talk about a thing and thing description.
In the WoT Architecture, a Thing is defined as an abstraction of an
IoT device or service. And TD provides descriptive metadata for a Thing.
WoT provides a set of standardized technology building blocks that help to
streamline IoT application development by following the well-known and successful Web paradigm.
With the architecture enabled by the Web of Things, flexibility and interoperability increases, especially
in cross-domain applications, as well as enabling the reuse of established standards and tools.
If you want to learn more, we are developing a tutorial series called “what is WoT?”
Throughout this video series, we will explain the Web of Things, its applications and tools for newcomers.
This is to learn WoT and speed up the learning process.
Each video is short, so you can learn WoT bit by bit.
At any time, you can come back and use the videos as a reference.
This video series is not only consisting of material to watch, but is also
supported with code snippets that you can work on and try by yourself.
At the end of the series, you will have all the tools in your belt to build WoT applications.
With all these tools, you can build actual software such as dashboards,
protocol proxies and translators,
smart internet-connected devices,
mash ups of WoT devices and services,
in many domains such as Smart Homes,
and Factory Automation.
What can be achieved with the WoT is endless. We feel your excitement to learn and develop
the WoT applications If you are ready to dive into world of WoT, let's start this journey!
For the rest of the series, make sure to follow the W 3 C WoT Community Group,
And we have multiple options to stay in touch with Web of Things:
You can join the Discord server.
You can find how companies use WoT via the presentations on the YouTube channel.
Also you can join one of the office hours happening every Thursday.
You can visit w3 dot org/wot to learn more about WoT. If
you want to contribute you can join WoT community group too.